Frankie's got another one
boise together this is his fifth
fish it is so frustrating to
know he's got another day
official happen yeah to make
things worse it's like all the
life that was around us is it's
gone
there's not a single mark on the
machine it's just frustrating
plain TJ and promised you would
be to look there sexy Jared I
think I keep back over there
whether you are close to jumbo
jet and kisses
peter has a crush on Jair that's
not a big secret around these
parts we hear it every day on
the back here and Jared I see
that pretty pony tail me here
I've never met Jerry before I've
seen him around the docks a
couple times and he is a little
cutie fine i mean he can't help
it you know and I can't help but
notice you want to worry about
it not good for you every day
you get behind bring the patron
see what happened to be their
voice on my some people don't
know how to catch it
how much did those guys are
doing any better
hey Tammy real action how you
make it out
I'm just frustrating for all the
same boat
no we're not the same but you
got fish
I don't have any fish LT nanjing
harder haha no all day
gentle weapon Tammy easy and
Shadow Ball shut ankle i have
heard of the guys being
disrespectful to the girls out
here and I'm not too into that
man i'm extremely respectful of
women you know what these girls
deserve a shot that just as much
as we do
all right and good luck to you
catch yourself a big one will
see ensure well want to keep at
it
thank you doing yeah i kinda
like that guy